hi my name's Jim something is talk general
manager George restaurant also
the sommelier here
so I'm gonna show your by sharam se
bring champagne today nice thing about
saving champagne is it's all about showing off
is gonna be champagne a big night
broken glass an explosion and we finished off
with drinking champagne
how good is it
so very nicely the Canadian Association
professionals values gave me this night
well for the party we had the other
day this is Dale R you rollin champagne
saber and them
it's dull that's the funny thing about this
night missus dole was not made for
cutting is made for getting
wanna show you how to saber abolish